Docs 9532 partner manager endpoints doc edits esb (#98)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/create-endpoint.adoc

= Create and Configure Endpoints

> You can create endpoints in the host or partner page, or from the Message Flow configuration wizard.

Reviewer: Compare this title and intro to the following subtopics:

- Should the titles ALL be "Create and Configure" both?
- IN the pages vs. FROM the wizard? (would "by using" work equally well for both?)
- Endpoints or Send and Receive Endpoints?

See subsequent related comments in context.

Reviewer: That comma bothers me; does that comma bother you?
What do you think of...:
```suggestion
You can create endpoints in either the host or partner page or from the Message Flow configuration wizard.
```

Author: I agree - I am accepting your change.

Author: As for the Create and Configure - agreed. I have fixed that in this topic.

> == Creating Endpoints From the Partner Page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create Endpoints from the Partner Page
```
Ugh, I hope I did not earlier suggest init. capping From....
We use this site, on the Chicago tab: https://capitalizemytitle.com/

Reviewer: HOWEVER...note that the intro. text uses "in" rather than "from," mentions "create" and "configure," and does not specify "send and receive" for the endpoints.

I am likely overthinking this; do what you think is best, me having noticed this.

Create and configure new send or receive endpoints in the partner page:

. In the left navigation menu, select *Partners*.

> . Select the partner for which to create and configure the endpoint.

Reviewer: Opt
```suggestion
. Select the partner for which to you want to create and configure an endpoint.
```

. Click *New* in the *Endpoints: Receive from <partner-name>* or *Endpoints: Send to <partner-name>* section.

> . <<configure-endpoint,Configure the endpoint>> according to the type of endpoint you are creating and the protocol you selected.

Reviewer: Are these types and protocols described earlier and exactly WHEN did the user choose a type and select a protocol? Seems like these are missing steps.

Reviewer: Is this task missing the steps in lines 20 through 24 below?

Author: I think this format is correct. The inline link in this step goes to a  page that lists the different endpoint types since there are so many. It would not make sense to maintain that in the topic.

Author: Lines 20-24 appear for me - I will verify this after I finish.

. Click *Save*.

> Ownership of facing endpoints (receive or send) is automatically assigned based on the partner from which you are creating the endpoint.

Reviewer: Why do we add "facing" before "endpoints" here but not earlier? Will your audience understand?

Reviewer: Does this mean the same thing or is it also correct:
```suggestion
The partner page in which you create send and receive endpoints automatically owns those endpoints.
```

> 

Reviewer: In Line 17, fix the title per the comments made for Line 5: Create, from

Author: Done

* *Endpoints: Receive from partners*
* *Endpoints: Send to partners*
* *Endpoints: Target at <host-name>*
* *Endpoints: Source at <host-name>*

> . <<configure-endpoint,Configure the endpoint>> according the type of endpoint you are creating and the protocol you selected.

Reviewer: ditto comments Line 12 earlier

Author: See above.

. Click *Save*.

> == Creating Endpoints From the Message Flow

Reviewer: ditto title edits made in the previous two

Reviewer: Also, create from the message flow or the Message Flow wizard?
(ditto "using" suggestion)

Reviewer: So, I cannot edit in text that is hidden/shaded blue (Lines 29 through 34 below), which indicates text that has not been manipulated in quite some time. Our group some time ago talked about identifying "pink," "green," and "blue" texts for edit, but I can't remember what the writers decided to do with the "blue" texts: ask Valkyrie?

Reviewer: Also, this hidden text could use some work: what usage, do we mean send vs. receive?
You assign the owner by "making the appropriate selection" where?
Why bother having this topic at all if we just send the audience to other topics?

Author: Done for the first 4.

For the last one, I removed the ownership line. There are topics about creating endpoints from message flows and they are linked below. I feel like the inline links should remain because the details on this are actually explained elsewhere and not in these topics. There are two ways to create endpoints - manually and from the message flow. I added "Wizard" to the end of the heading and reworded the paragraph.

> == Supported Endpoint Protocols

Reviewer: This topic looks like info the audience should have before performing the tasks of creating and configuring and likely belongs in a Concept topic elsewhere, maybe the one describing send and receive endpoints?

Author: The PM wanted this table here and a note in each of the topics with the correct information. 

I agree with you and discussed this already, but this is where he wants it to be.
